Release Zebra v1.2.0 (#7431)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [Zebra 1.2.0](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/releases/tag/v1.2.0) - 2023-09-04

### Highlights

This release:

- Starts our work implementing "spend before sync" algorithm for lightwalletd.
- Contains an automatic database upgrade that reduces the size of Zebra's current cached state from approximately 276GB to 244GB. It does so by automatically pruning unneeded note commitment trees from an existing cache. New Zebra instances will also build their cache without these trees.

> 

Reviewer: We forgot to add this compatibility note to the changelog when we merged #7312.

```suggestion

### Breaking Changes

`zebrad` 1.2.0 cached states are incompatible with previous `zebrad` versions:
- `zebrad` 1.2.0 upgrades the cached state format. The new format is incompatible with previous `zebrad` versions. After upgrading to this Zebra version, don't downgrade to an earlier version.
- When earlier versions try to use states upgraded by `zebrad` 1.2.0:
    - `zebrad` versions 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 will respond to some `z_gettreestate` RPC requests with incorrect empty `final_state` fields
    - pre-release `zebrad` versions can panic when verifying shielded transactions, updating the state, or responding to RPC requests

```

Author: Added at https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7431/commits/f11799d0ab8d66dacaae33baf8e0d6d0c307f60c

### Changed

- Deduplicate note commitment trees stored in the finalized state ([#7312]()https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7312, [#7379](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7379))
- Insert only the first tree in each series of identical trees into finalized state ([#7266](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7266))

> - Our testing framework now uses the ECC lightwalletd fork ([#7307](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7307)). This was needed to start the work of implementating fast spendability. The ECC repo is now the supported implementation in Zebra, documentation was changed to reflect this. ([#7427](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7427))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our testing framework now uses the ECC lightwalletd fork ([#7307](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7307)). This was needed to start the work of implementing fast spendability. The ECC repo is now the supported implementation in Zebra, documentation was changed to reflect this. ([#7427](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7427))
```

Author: Thanks , fixed in https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7431/commits/f11799d0ab8d66dacaae33baf8e0d6d0c307f60c

### Security

> - Use the correct state version for databases without a state version file ([#7385](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7385))

Reviewer: Just checking why this is a security issue?
(It's a new bug we created in PR #7031 after the last release, and then fixed before this release.)

Author: Changed to the fixed section in https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7431/commits/f11799d0ab8d66dacaae33baf8e0d6d0c307f60c

### Added

- Documentation for mining with Docker ([#7179](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7179))
- Note tree sizes field to `getblock` RPC method ([#7278](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7278))
- Note commitment subtree types to zebra-chain ([#7371](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7371))

> - Note subtree index handling to zebra-state, but don't write them to the finalized state yet ([#7334](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7334))

Reviewer: Users might not know what "them" refers to.

```suggestion
- Note subtree index handling to zebra-state, but we're not writing subtrees to the finalized state yet ([#7334](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7334))
```

Author: https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7431/commits/f11799d0ab8d66dacaae33baf8e0d6d0c307f60c

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: This user-visible bug fix seems to be missing:
- #6810 

And this one just got merged:
- #7442

Author: Added those to the fixed section in https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7431/commits/f11799d0ab8d66dacaae33baf8e0d6d0c307f60c

> - Consolidate firebase hosting in production project ([#7313](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7313))

Reviewer: Are these CI/CD changes user-visible? (Only user-visible changes need to go in the changelog.)
```suggestion
```

Author: https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7431/commits/f11799d0ab8d66dacaae33baf8e0d6d0c307f60c

- Log a warning instead of panicking for unused mining configs ([#7290](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7290))

> - Remove all unrequired docker arguments from CI/CD pipelines ([#7231](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7231))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7431/commits/beacf9af25ef0f4454fe9d92da3aa848b57da6a8
